Closes issues #649 and #968 (#1251)
solidjs/solid-docs: src/routes/concepts/stores.mdx

order: 6
---

> Stores are a state management primitive that provide a centralized location to reduce code redundancy. Unlike [signals](/concepts/signals), which manage a single piece of state and re-render entirely when updated, stores retain fine-grained reactivity by updating only the specific properties that change. They can generate a collection of reactive signals, each tied to a specific property, making them ideal for managing complex state efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stores are a state management primitive that provide a centralized way to handle shared data and reduce redundancy.
Unlike [signals](/concepts/signals), which track a single value and trigger a full re-render when updated, stores maintain fine-grained reactivity by updating only the properties that change.
They can produce a collection of reactive signals, each linked to an individual property, making them well-suited for managing complex state efficiently.
```
